Internal: Documentation of `document/elements` component. [ED-6167] (#17391)
elementor/elementor: docs/assets/dev/js/editor/document/elements/readme.md

## Component -- `$e.components.get('document/elements')`

*  **Name**: Elements.

> *  **Description**: Provide a way to manage elements, create, edit, delete. copy, paste, etc...

Author: ```suggestion
*  **Description**: Provide a way to  manipulate the document elements: create, edit, delete. copy, paste, etc...
```

> ## Component `document/elements/` -- Commands

Author: https://github.com/elementor/elementor/blob/a13152377c4124f7f453be6fa8aa183fc9be22b2/docs/assets/dev/js/editor/document/dynamic/readme.md
We have to follow the format.

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
   | _storageKey_ | `{String}`       | default: `{'clipboard'}`.

## CopyAll _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/copy-all')`
*  **Name**: Copy-All.
*  **Description**: Copy all containers.
*  **Returns**: `{void}`
*  **Arguments**: None.

## Create _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/create')`
*  **Name**: Create.
*  **Description**: Create element from model.
*  **Returns**: `{Container | Container[]}` *Created container(s)*.
*  **Arguments**: 

    | Property     | Type             | Description |
    |---           |---               |---|
    | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
    | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
    | _model_      | `{Object}`       | Model to create.
    | _options_    | `{Object}`       | Options.

    **_options:_**
   
    | Property    | Type                              | Default   | Description                            |
    |-------------|-----------------------------------|-----------|----------------------------------------|

>     | at          | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Position (`null` means last). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | at          | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Index position (`null` means last). 
```

>     | at          | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Position (null means last). 

Reviewer 2: Maybe merge with the previous table, and do like `options.at`, etc ?

>     | at          | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Position (null means last). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | at          | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Position (`null` means last). 
```

    | clone       | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | Generate unique id for the model.

>     | edit        | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | Is turn edit panel for the new element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | edit        | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | Whether to open the panel for editing after creating the element.
```

>     | onBeforeAdd | `{function()}`                    |           | Run callback before add.

Author: It's the way JSDOC describe a callback.

    | onAfterAdd  | `{function( newModel, newView )}` |           | Run callback after add.
    | trigger     | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | *Deprecated*.

* **Examples**:
    Create Heading widget 
    ```javascript
    // Create section.
    const eSection = $e.run( 'document/elements/create', {
      container: elementor.getPreviewContainer(),
      columns: 1,
      model: { elType: 'section' },
    } );  
    ```
    Result: ![empty-column](./_images/empty-column.png)

>     Now to create widget, we need column, here is two examples how to reach column:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Now, in order to create the widget, we need a column. There are two ways to access the column:
```

>     Now, in order to create the widget, we need a column. There are two ways to access the column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now, in order to create the widget, we need a column. There are two ways to access the automatically created column, depends on the context. When the section's container instance is available, we can simply access its children:
```

    ```javascript

>     const eColumn = eSection.children[0];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    const eColumn = eSection.children[ 0 ];
```

>     const eColumn = eSection.view.children.findByIndex( 0 ).getContainer();

Author: ```suggestion
    const eColumn = eSection.children[0]
```

    ```

>     OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In other cases, where a the column's container-id is provided, we can retrieve the corresponding container instance:
```

    ```javascript
    const eColumn = elementor.getContainer('cb70e3c');
    ```

>     Then let create heading widget at the column we reach above:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Finally, the heading widget can be created at the selected column:
```

    ```javascript
    $e.run( 'document/elements/create', {
        container: eColumn,
        model: { 
          elType: 'widget',
          widgetType: 'heading',
        },
    } );
    ```
    Result: ![widget-heading](./_images/widget-heading.png)

## Delete _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/delete')`
*  **Name**: Delete.
*  **Description**: Delete container.
*  **Returns**: `{Container | Container[]}` *Deleted container(s)*.
*  **Arguments**: 

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
    
* **Examples**:
    Delete a section, Assuming we have this section, and want to delete it.
    ![widget-heading](./_images/widget-heading.png)
    ```javascript
    // Get section container.

>     const eSection = elementor.getContainer('886643f');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    const eSection = elementor.getContainer( '886643f' );
```

    
    $e.run( 'document/elements/delete', { 
        container: eSection,
    } );
    ```

>     result: section deleted and all children elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Result: The section and all of its child elements are deleted.
```

## Duplicate _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/duplicate')`
*  **Name**: Duplicate.
*  **Description**: Duplicate container.
*  **Returns**: `{Container | Container[]}` *Created container(s)*.
*  **Arguments**: 

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
    
* **Examples**:

>     Duplicate a section, Assuming we have this section, and want to duplicate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Duplicating a section.
```

    ![widget-heading](./_images/widget-heading.png)
    ```javascript
    // Get section container.

>     const eSection = elementor.getContainer('886643f');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    const eSection = elementor.getContainer( '886643f' );
```

*  **Description**: Import elements to the document.
*  **Returns**: `{Container | Container[]}` *Imported container(s)*.
*  **Arguments**:

    | Property  | Type               | Requirement       | Description |
    |---        |---                 |---                |---|
    | _model_   | `{Backbone.Model}` | **required**      | Template model.
    | _data_    | `{Object}`         | **required**      | Data.
    | _options_ | `{Object}`         | **optional**      | 

    **_data:_**
   
    | Property      | Type       | Default   | Description                            |
    |---------------|------------|-----------|----------------------------------------|
    | content       | `{Object}` |           | Template content. 
    | page_settings | `{Object}` |           | Template page settings.
    
    **_options:_**
   
    | Property         | Type                              | Default   | Description                            |
    |------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------|----------------------------------------|
    | withPageSettings | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | Should set page settings of `args.page_settings`.

>     | at               | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Position ( Automatically increased ).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | at               | `{Number}`                        | `{null}`  | Position (Automatically increased).
```

    | clone            | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | Generate unique id for the model.

>     | edit             | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | Is turn edit panel for the new element.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Author: Separation make it more understand able.

    | onBeforeAdd      | `{function()}`                    |           | Run callback before add.
    | onAfterAdd       | `{function( newModel, newView )}` |           | Run callback after add.

>     | trigger          | `{Boolean}`                       | `{false}` | *Deprecated*.

Reviewer 2: Like before, maybe merge with the table above.

Author: Separation make it more understand able.

## Paste _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/paste')`
*  **Name**: Paste.

> *  **Description**: Paste to container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **Description**: Paste new element into an existing element.
```

*  **Returns**: `{Container | Container[]}` *Pasted container(s)*.
*  **Arguments**: 

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
   | _storageKey_ | `{String}`       | default: `{'clipboard'}`.

* **Examples**:
    Copy widget and paste it into column.

    ```javascript

>     const eColumn = elementor.getContainer('cb70e3c'),
>         eWidget = elementor.getContainer('2e4b783');
>     
>     $e.run('document/elements/copy', { 
>         container: eWidget
>     } );
>     
>     const pastedContainers = $e.run('document/elements/paste', { 
>         container: eColumn
>     } );

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    const eColumn = elementor.getContainer( 'cb70e3c' ),
        eWidget = elementor.getContainer( '2e4b783' );
    
    $e.run( 'document/elements/copy', { 
        container: eWidget
    } );
    
    const pastedContainers = $e.run( 'document/elements/paste', { 
        container: eColumn
    } );
```

    
    console.log( pastedContainers );
    ```
    Result:![widget-heading-pasted](./_images/widget-heading-pasted.png)

## Paste-Style _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/paste-style')`
*  **Name**: Paste-Style.

> *  **Description**: Paste style to container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **Description**: Paste style to element.
```

*  **Returns**: `{void}`.
*  **Arguments**: 

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
   | _storageKey_ | `{String}`       | default: `{'clipboard'}`.

* **Examples**:
    Copy style from one widget and paste it into another.
    Assuming we have a two widgets one with special style, another one with defaults, we will copy the style of the one with the default and paste to into the speical one, to restore him to default.
    ![widget-heading-another-heading-with-special-style](./_images/widget-heading-another-heading-with-special-style.png)

    ```javascript
    const eSpecialWidget = elementor.getContainer('2e4b783'),
        eDefaultWidget = elementor.getContainer('192125b');
    
    $e.run('document/elements/copy', { 
        container: eDefaultWidget
    } );
    
    $e.run('document/elements/paste-style', { 
        container: eSpecialWidget
    } );
    ```
    Result:![widget-heading-pasted](./_images/widget-heading-pasted.png)

## Reset-Style _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/reset-style')`
*  **Name**: Reset-Style.

> *  **Description**: Rest style of container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **Description**: Rest style of an element.
```

*  **Returns**: `{void}`.
*  **Arguments**: 

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
   | _storageKey_ | `{String}`       | default: `{'clipboard'}`.

* **Examples**:
    Reset style of widget.
    Assuming we have a widget with special style.
    ![widget-heading-another-heading-with-special-style](./_images/widget-heading-another-heading-with-special-style.png)

    ```javascript
    const eWidget = elementor.getContainer('2e4b783');
    
    $e.run('document/elements/reset-style', { 
      container: eWidget
    } );
    ```
    Result:
    
    ![widget-heading-pasted](./_images/widget-heading-pasted.png)

## Settings _Command_ -- `$e.run('document/elements/settings')`
*  **Name**: Settings.

> *  **Description**: Change container settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **Description**: Change element settings.
```

*  **Returns**: `{void}`
*  **Arguments**: 

   | Property     | Type             | Description |
   |---           |---               |---|
   | _container_  | `{Container}`    | Target.
   | _containers_ | `{Container[]}`  | Targets.
   | _settings_        | `{Object}`  | Settings.
   | _isMultiSettings_ | `{Boolean}` | default: `{false}`, settings for multi containers (each container).
   | _options_         | `{Object}`  | 

    **_options:_**
   
    | Property         | Type        | Default   | Description                            |
    |------------------|------------ |-----------|----------------------------------------|
    | external         | `{Boolean}` | `{false}` | Re-render panel with new settings.

>     | debounce         | `{Boolean}` | `{true}`  | Enable\Disable debounce.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | debounce         | `{Boolean}` | `{true}`  | Enable/Disable debounce.
```
